Never been here before
But  I'm coming back tomorrow
For the real pain, a cold rain again
Nice day for a crucifixion
Heard a new prediction
That we can all be saved, so  I'll have
One more for the road
Play it again
One more for the road
Never heard this before
That a child can tell who's evil
But it's a good thing if we sing along
Cold day, we can make a fire
Burn another liar
Can witches ever die?
Hey, let's burn
One more for the road
Give me the same again
One more for the road
Well,  I've never been here before
And the room is really empty
But there's a big line
Waiting for the show
Nice day for an execution
Another wrong conclusion
But someone's got to pay
So let's burn
One more for the road
Play it again
One more for the road
There's a child who just sees evil
And a man who just loves pain
But  I've heard that we can't save them
So give me the same again
There's a cross that you can't carry
Cause it's heavier than  Hell
And if you should meet your maker
Just pray that he won't yell
One more for the road
One more for the road
Play it again
One more for the road
And then you dream
Of a world with only windows
Inside you, you can hide you
You know
And then the night
You're just another empty shadow
No questions, no answers
No one to scream at you
Turn around and when you face the sun
We can make you be like everyone you know
Hey, you, you're just master of the moon
And then the eyes
If you look at them they'll blind you
Who are you?  What are you?
Why do you scream at me?
Turn around and when you face the sun
We can make you be like everyone you know
Hey, you!
Master of the moon
We can shake you, make you over
We just need some time
To shed some light upon your darkness
We need your mind
And then you dream again
In a world that only you know
Inside you, you can hide you
No one to scream at you
Turn around and when you face the sun
We can make you be like everyone you know
Oh turn away and never face the sun
You'll never make me be like you
I'm master of the moon
If  I could sleep at night then somehow  I'd see Why everything's wrong Or maybe it's just me
Does anybody know this place that  I'm in?
Why  I might be alone
Imagination is a terrible thing
What if  I'm wrong?
But here's what  I've been thinking
It must be the end of the world
What ever happened to the rock and roll song
Breaking your brain
Making you stronger
They say you never hear the bullet that kills
And  I don't hear a sound
It's not about a change or revolution
What's gone today is still called substitution
Don't get emotional, but we're out of time
The melody's gone
Fools have got the sunshine
If  I'm mistaken and  I see you again
Don't leave me alone
Maybe tomorrow
Could be the end of the world
Don't make wishes
Don't waste time
Call the ones you hate
You'd say  I'm sorry but they'll have to wait
For the end of the world
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye
Fingers scratching blackboards make cowards of the brave
A natural reaction from the cradle to the grave
Rats and bats and spiders and little things that crawl
Never made me tremble,  I'm not bothered, not at all
Then  I saw you
Something new inside of me
But what's this shaking?
You made me shiver, shiver
Cemetery midnights, walking on the dead
Never seemed to matter, it's all inside your head
Names are only letters mentioned on a stone
And if you're going somewhere you're going it alone
Then  I saw you
Something new inside of me
Felt this shaking
You gave me shivers
Magic charms and voodoo and all those other spells
Never made impressions and  I never slept so well
If  I had a nightmare,  I'm sure that  I would know
I really don't remember, but  I'm sure it isn't so
Then  I saw you
Something new inside of me
What's this shaking?
Turn out the light it won't matter
A bucket of blood,  I'm still fine
A black cat's only a colour
But you can do it every time
Time, time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Time, time, time, time
Bless me, father,  I must go away
To save us from the one's who don't believe
Confess me, father,  I have sinned
But maybe angels really sing
For the man who would be king
We laugh at your religion
You people of the sand
We have no superstition
You can read it in our hands
Forgive me, father, for the change we bring
But it's all for the man who would be king
Don't leave a body standing
Not the holy, not the small
Deliver us from evil
If it's yours we want it all
Lately, father,  I've been wondering
Is the devil just the man who would be king
How can right be ever wrong?
We are glory, we are stronger than you
We never got an answer
It's just too late to ask
The bloody flag was waving
Our hearts just ran too fast
Curse me, father, for the chains we bring
And don't believe the man who would be king
We never got an answer
The question slipped my mind
I've been so busy killing
I haven't found the time
Oh no, they're at it again, looking inside my secrets
Coming through cracks before  I mend the wall
Get out cause you're breaking the law
How did you ever find me?
Places where  I can hide can't get much smaller
I have invisible dreams where no one can touch me
Maybe  I'll find a way to disappear
No one moves and no one dies
Just the eyes
I've run as fast as  I can thinking they'll never catch me
What a waste of breath, a waste of time
Feel like digging a hole, going in even deeper
Maybe they just can't see what just can't shine
I'll be lost so no goodbyes
If no one moves then nothing dies
Just the eyes
Oh no, they've done it again, sending out the detectives
Searching for signs of life and that means me
In my invisible dreams when no one is watching
I'd make the whole world blind and  I'd be free
I'll be lost so no replies
If no one looks then no one dies
Just the eyes
Those eyes
Magic numbers, even sacrifice
I can't find a way cause nothing stops the eyes
When a milion miles from nowhere
Is still too close to home
You're with a hundred thousand people
And you still feel all alone
She was never in the circle
Or the round would be a square
And the more she seemed to want it
Oh, the less they seemed to care
Sold out and no admission
Too late to buy
It's never who, it's only why
She's living the lie
Living the lie
When you're on your way to somewhere
But the elevator falls
Do you look for stairs to  Heaven
Or wander through the halls?
He was only dedicated
To the ones who make the law
But they burned with too much fire
And his heart was made of straw
No ticket, no admission
Too late to buy
It's always he and he knows why
He's living the lie
Living the lie
How bad do you want it?
How far will you go?
If you're looking at tomorrow
To forget about today
Then the past will be your future
And it's there you'll always stay
What about the pictures
That smile from magazines?
The ultimate temptation
Our new  Kings and all our  Queens
Such heat and too much pressure
Not worth the try
No more for them
Now it's  I
And no more living the lie
Living the lie
Oh, why?
Live the lie
I think  I'm through with just pretending
Knocking at a door that  I've been through before
Congratulations, at last you've seen my light
Now it's you against the night
I think  I'm never coming after, after all
Now  I've become the cat
Who always lets you know that
I am,  I am stronger than the wind
I am,  I am sin
I am,  I am stronger without you
I am
For all the words gone unspoken
Silence isn't gold, or the story's never told
Investigation, at last  I've found my light
And we shine
So now  I'm like the cat
Who always tells you this that
I am,  I am stronger than the wind
I am,  I am sin
I am,  I am better without you
I am
I think  I'm way outside illusion
Breaking down the door, that locked me in before
Congratulations, now that you've seen my light
After all
And when  I become the cat
I'll always let you know that
I am,  I am stronger than the wind
I am,  I am sin ( I am)
I am,  I am stronger without you
I am ( I am)
Oh,  I am,  I am
I am everyone
I am,  I am ( I am) better without you ( I am)
I am
I am,  I am stronger than before
I am,  I am more ( I am)
I am,  I am ready to go on
I am
Oh, yeah! ( I am)
One night when the stars were right
For the gypsy queen
And she found she could drag you down
To a place that's in between it all
She's a madman with a delicate hand
And evil eyes
And  I've heard she'll only say a word
But that's enough to satisfy
Don't ask why
Don't even think about it
Brave men die
But what a way to go
She's not above
Death by love
One spell from the wishing well
And you're nevermore
A bad start for the sacred heart
' Cause the end has come before the beginning
Knee deep in the darkest sleep
But the eyes see all
So high you could break the sky
And never feel the fall to come
Strong men die
But what a way to go
She's not above
Death by love
Don't ask why
Don't even think about it
Brave men die
But what a way to go
You've got symptoms of
Death by love
She's not above
Death by love
Don't ask why
Don't even guess about it
All men die
But this is death by love
Help me, save me
I've just crossed the line where reason might betray me
Wake me, oh, shake me
Send a message to my brain before they take me
How can  I get through to you
That wishes just come true?
In dreams
Oh, don't go, no, don't dare
' Cause the journey drives you mad before you get there
Help me, oh save me
I'll be glad to give you back the hand you gave me
How  I can get through to you
That wishes do come true?
In dreams
In your dreams
If  I'm a river then you're the sea
Somewhere you'll find me alone and swimming here in ecstasy
If  I am silence you must be scream
But  I can't hear you,  I'm in a place that you've just never seen before
No, don't go, you'll never save me
I've just slapped away that helping hand you gave me
Don't wake me, no, don't you shake me
Here's a message from my brain, you'll never take me
How do  I get through to you
That wishes do come true?
In dreams
In my dreams
Bring me down, drag me away from  Heaven
But look out, angels guard the door
We all choose pain if pleasure is ordinary
Then we beg for more and more and more
Oh, lock me up in an institution and throw away the key
Then  I'm free
The prisoner of paradise
Take me down,  I've gone too high, so hurry
How can this be real?
I paid for the ride and got wishes for eternity
And here's one more,  I wish that you would steal them
Tie me down and don't believe me if  I say  I'm free
It's still me
The prisoner of paradise
Bring me down, if  I could start all over
Would  I do the same?
Oh,  I'd try for a while, then hunger for the recipe
And all  I'd hear is, " Isn't it a shame?"
Oh, wrap me up in some chains and you can push me out to see
Cover me up with the ocean then  I'm free
The prisoner of paradise
Silence, we hunt for the  Queen
Sign of the cross
And pray in-between
Look by the light of the day
She's hiding till dark
Waiting to play, hey hey
Something's taken a child
And it all must end
Time to be killing the dragon again
Silence, we'll hunt for the lord
He takes crimson and gold
Gave ice to the cold
Oh, to be never afraid
Of wolves at the door
Howling for more
More's been empty for years
And it all must end
Time to be killing the dragon again
Kneel and behold your new king
Digital dreams
And wonderful things to tease you
Small  Gods with electrical hearts
And it all will end
Time to be killing the dragon
Remember when you only needed no one
Every day's tomorrow
And it's alright
No confessions, not for you
Forget the things you've done
It's what you'll do
The first time you're suspicious
What's that gliding down?
Along comes a spider
Suddenly the world has no more changes
You've run with an evil woman
So it's alright
No more strangers' candy lies
The light is so much better for your eyes
Now  I'm not superstitious
But every time you've tried
Along comes a spider
Don't ask why, it's the long way around
Just go wild
Why do we believe in conversation?
We never seem to listen
We only hear
Now you don't need permission
But don't get caught next time
Along comes a spider
A spider
A spider
Inside her
You've made it through another day
Driving past the backroads of your mind
You could have turned the other way
And break down on the sanity you find inside you
Someone said that you are fantasy
But in the darkness behind your smile you scream
Scream
Scream for the crazy ones
Scream at the things you've done
Scream at the rising sun
We bless the beautiful
Let us forgive you for your sins
These must be holy ones
How could we believe they'd let us in
Oh once  I heard that they were fantasy
But in the darkness behind their smiles they scream
Scream
Scream of a broken heart
Scream as they come apart
Scream 'cause they never started
Scream
No pain, no sympathy
You've always been so steady at the wheel
Some friend reality
You break down on the highway, about to see it my way
Scream at the crazy ones
Scream 'cause they all have sons
Scream as they point the gun at you
Scream at the bleeding heart
Scream 'cause the end won't start
Scream as you come apart again, again, again, again
I'm all right,  I'm crossing over
I just shot the sun
One more night, black as heaven
So no one saw the gun
Running with monsters in shadows
And monsters always know
It's better in the dark
Oh she's all right, tall and handsome
If the lights are down
Gone by dawn, takes no chances
Might come back around
Clutching to monsters in shadows
And monsters always know
It's better in the dark
I'm all right,  I'm crossing over
I can disappear, gone
Clutching to monsters in shadows
And monsters always know
It's better in the dark
Better in the dark
I just shot the sun
You've ridden on a carousel
So you know the feeling as the ring slips through your fingers
Sometimes you justify it
But there's the sword and you're bleeding once again
Before you're in a corner
Can't crawl away
Here's a way to save you
You got to push
Get out of my way and push
You can turn the wheel, push
One more push
You're master of the broken heart
And so you know the feeling as your soul starts going under
Sometimes you rectify it
Then out of the blue the hammer falls again
Before you're in the water
Can't sail away
Here's a way to save you
You got to push
Break the body down, oh push
Out of my way,  I'll push
You better push
You got to push
Hands against the wall
And push
Out of my way, we'll push
You can turn the wheel
Go on and push
Push
Push
Push
Push
He'd never tell her lies
And she believed in magic
But when the magic died
She could see that all along he's just been
Guilty, a liar, liar
Guilty
Guilty, burn in fire
Guilty
It's time to say goodbye
Don't tell another story
Another alibi
Now you see that all along he's just been
Guilty, a liar, liar
Guilty
Guilty, hope you burn in fire
Guilty
Guilty, the great pretender
Guilty
You're guilty, just surrender
' Cause you're guilty
Broken promise
But please forgive again
One more time for me
It's the very last time you'll see
Guilty, a liar, liar
You'll burn in fire
Guilty, a liar, liar
Guilty
Guilty, the great pretender
Guilty
Guilty, just surrender
You're guilty
Guilty, guilty
Guilty, a liar, liar
Guilty, you'll burn in fire
Oh guilty, you'll burn in fire
Surrender
Guilty
You're so guilty
Oh oh, the sun's gone down
Her day begins
And the rhythm of the darkness wakes the dead
Don't answer eyes that smile
Don't let them in
They see the lonely child
She feels their sin
But it's getting so much colder and she's afraid
Never going back to where the pain was
She'd rather face the pain that's here and now
Someone's thrown away their children
You can see them running from your smile
Sing for the runaway children
The throw away child
' I'll make you safe and warm'
Words she needs to hear
What they really mean is ' No more, little girl'
Don't see her any more
They disappear
Yesterday they said that she was dying
And just today  I heard that she was dead
Someone's thrown away their children
You can see them running from your smile
Sing for the runaway children
The throw away child
Someone's thrown away their children
You can hear them only if you try
Sing for the runaway children
Goodbye
( Someone's thrown away their children
You can see them running from your smile
Sing for the runaway children
The throw away child)
( Someone's thrown away their children
You can see them running from your smile
Sing for the runaway children
The throw away child)
Someone had a dream
Never been to  London, never in a limousine
Something made him go
Could it be the voices coming from the radio? ( Radio)
But somewhere down the line
The happiness you'll find
Will crash into a wall
Just before the fall
Someone joined the band
But he never heard the music, couldn't really understand, no, no, no
Don't know what they mean
Where's my picture shining from a magazine?
But somewhere down the line
He'll quickly glance behind
Then smash into a wall
Before the fall
Someone ran so fast
When he saw the future he was sure that it was just the past
Someone had a dream
Only this one ended lost inside the old machine
And somewhere down the line
They'll say that his is mine
And all that's left is time
Time to fall and stumble, ah!
Tired of living in the black and white?
Where fools can tell you that you're never right
I know a place where the film's in colour, just step inside of yourself
Here's a place in the front row, so on with the show
The same old shadow on the run
Hey, that's no shadow, it's your shadow's son
I know a place where the pools got water
And you don't need to know how to swim
Here's the key to the back door
Do you want more?  Do you need more?
Same old rhythm to the same old rhyme
The same old clock, same old time
There's a place where the grass is greener
And you can shake, rattle and roll
Here's the key to the front door
Do you want more?  Will you need more?
Tired of living in the black and white
Where no one's wrong and you're never right
Same old steps to the same old dance
Just one more reason, one more chance
We have examined the manuscript.  The information is complete, but does not conform to logical patterns.  Flesh cannot be mutated into stone and remorphed back to the body once again.  Continue the investigation with special attention given to one word.  Magica!
Aliens:  Please continue
I love the night
So many shadows
Unholy light
Putting out the spark
Leave them in the dark
Forever
I can wait for you
Your end is my life
All lies are true
Secrets of the heart
You can take them all
To heaven
I don't feel pain or sorrow
The child's a man tomorrow
Crossing the line, then he's mine
Don't care which god you follow
Whose promises you swallow
Time and again, we must meet at the end
It's all right
When the music is over
Come on and dance
For the lord of the last day
I love the night
So many shadows
Unholy light
Secrets of the heart
Leave them in the dark
Forever
Lately when my demons drag the night across my eyes
I just can't seem to fight it anymore
Yield unto temptation and be ruler of the world
But it seems that  I have heard that song before
And the voices begin to sing
" Come home!"
I have seen some evil as  I've walked upon the earth
But this is way beyond what eyes can see
Wicked is as wicked does and if  I lose control
Is this the way that hell is gonna be?
Have  I fallen too far to rise?
Been burning too long in the fire
Then it all falls down
Tearing the night away
It must be fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Now before my demons roll the night across my eyes
I tremble as  I wait perhaps to sin
Yield unto temptation and be ruler of the world
And all  I do is let the beast come in
Have  I fallen too far to rise?
I've been standing too long in the fire
Let it all fall down
Tearing the night away
It must be fever dreams
From the outside – fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Fever dreams
Welcome to sundown
Welcome to the dark
Could it be that evil has heroes?
Bring everybody down
Celebration
Passing of the light
Giving up your spirit to the night
You'll turn to stone ( Turn to stone)
Just forever
You'll turn to stone ( Turn to stone)
Here comes a fire
We'll burn it to the ground
Inside the page lies the power
We've turned it all around
Celebration
Words have control
To take away your heart and then your soul
You'll turn to stone ( Turn to stone)
Just forever
You'll turn to stone, turn to stone
All pray for a miracle
But the wishes in the well have all gone dry
There's no way for a miracle
It's not the way you live it's how you'll die
Welcome to sundown
Welcome to the dark
Could it be that evil has heroes?
We've turned it all around
Celebration
Words have control
To take away your heart and then your soul
You'll turn to stone ( Turn to stone)
Just forever
You'll turn to stone
You'll turn to stone ( Turn to stone)
Aliens:  Concerning the inhabitants of  Otherworld.  There are many similarities to be found, parallel to our own society.  The individual must be absorbed.  The collective must be as one.  Feed my head!
Hiding in a corner
Waiting for the storm
Maybe they'll forget about me
Avoid connection
Still they say you always surrender
All the smiling faces
Promising the sun
Another way of breaking you down
All is lost, hope is dead
Feed my mind, fill my head
Hope is gone, the spell's been said
Fill my mind, feed my head
Waiting for my number
To climb upon the cross
Maybe they'll forget about me
Must avoid detection
But they say you'll still go down
Safe in dreams
Away from where they are
Let me be nowhere
Just another star
Safe in night
The shadows cloak their eyes
Take me to nowhere
Where everybody flies
All is lost, hope is dead
Feed my mind, fill my head
Hope is gone ( Gone), the spell's been said
Fill my mind ( Fill my head), feed my head
All is lost ( All is lost), hope is dead ( Hope is dead)
Feed my mind ( Feed my mind), fill my head ( And fill my head)
Hope is gone ( Hope is gone), the spell's been said
Fill my mind, feed my head ( Feed, feed, feed, feed, feed, feed, feed my head)
All is lost, hope is dead
Feed my mind, fill my head
Hope is gone, the spell's been said
Fill my mind, feed my head
All is lost, hope is dead
Feed my mind, fill my...
Now that my dreams have gone dead
I see them burning in the fire
Just like the words that  I've said
Ashes turned to ashes once again
Look for a sign in the air
A light that dances in the sky
Maybe you'll see it somewhere
Oh, shining like a diamond
Promising that hope will never die
I might know the answer
Well, it's back there in my brain
Some day soon  I'll be rising again
Higher than the sun
I have been father and son
I cry for children of the night
Just because tears have begun
Beware of quiet voices
Thunder comes from silence,  I am light
Oh, look for a sign, is it me?
No, don't believe with only eyes
Speak to the blind 'cause they see
Truth is just a circle
Spinning round until it meets the lies
Then dies
I am a rock and you are glass
Never broken, never last
And if you're in my way  I'll knock you down
If it's a joke  I'll never laugh
Here's exactly how  I see you in the light
You're like a tear in the ocean
Dust in the wind
Like a stone in the water
Gonna sleep with the devil's daughter
I am your shock
I am your shame
Another face without a name
And if you think  I'm angry, just come over
I need to tell just who you are
My description of the world  I've seen so far
You're like a tear in the ocean
Dust in the wind
Like a stone in the water
I'm gonna marry the devil's daughter
I am a rock and you are glass
If it's a joke, nobody laugh
And even when you know you're guilty, still you're right
You're like a tear in the ocean
Dust in the wind
Like a stone in the water
Like a spark in the fire
Dust in the sand
Like a stone in the water
I'm gonna run with the devil's daughter
Run, run, run, run, run away
Someone said You'll light up the universe
It's there in your head then
Crazy comes to call
Break me down
I'm only an everyone
Running from free Running for me
And though it's not of my choosing
I'm losing my insanity
Again
Someone said Forever was yesterday So open your head when Crazy comes around
Break me down
I'm only an innocent
Howl at the moon
Knowing that soon
And though it's always confusing
I'm losing my insanity
Round and round
Like the wheels in my mind
Round and round
And down and down and round
And down and round
Someone said
Believe in your other side
It's there in your head and
Waiting for a ride
Break me down
Oh, once  I was everything
Breaking the law
Quick on the draw
And though it's not of my choosing
I'm losing my insanity
Turn round slowly
Tell us what you see
Oh no, the fly got the spider
And now he's chasing me
Change comes slowly
But this is what you'll be
Somehow it snows in the summer
And the sun is freezing me
Pain comes easy
If pleasure will let go
Oh,  I still remember
And this is how  I know
Rain falls slowly
Here it cuts you down
Oh no, we're all one another
Oh no,  I'm caught in an otherworld
Rainbows and blue skies
Are black and white
Killed in their sleep by the queen
We have forsaken
Beginnings and taken the end,  Amen
We've been forsaken
Beginnings and given the end,  Amen
Time moves slowly
But here it never ends
Oh, we're all one another
Oh no,  I'm caught in an otherworld
It has been a thousand years since the once powerful planet of  Blessing lost its life-giving two suns, and countless millennia since the days of the great magicians.  An expedition of alien voyagers came upon the now ice-covered sphere, drawn there by an unexplained lone beacon far below the miles of frozen moisture, they unlocked a written history of  Blessing from its almost undiscovered tomb.  So begins the story of  Magica
It was a time of celebration.  The  Book of  Magica and the wizards who had used its spells so wisely for the good of the people were being honored in all the great cities of the world.  There was however an exception.  Where good thrives, evil survives and evil has plans for survival
The celebration of thanks and prosperity would signal the forces of  Evilsyde to begin the attack and ultimate capture and destruction of  Magica.  The spells from the  Book would be used to turn all of those unwilling to join  Evilsyde into statues of stone and send their spirits to  Otherworld, where they would eventually be assimilated into the energy needed to drive  Evilsyde, and maintain its power without the necessity of the  Book and its incantations forever
Defenses were naturally relaxed during the festive preparations and although the battle was well-fought by both factions, the minions of the dark prevailed.  Their assault was well-planned and executed to a fault.  After overwhelming their initial opposition, they pushed on to the sacred ground upon which the  Book of  Magica rested.  They possessed a much weaker form of magic themselves, and although it would be normally quite useless against the strength of  Magica, the inability of the  Wizards to gather themselves together in time, coupled with the perfect timing and determination of the attackers, spelled doom for the  Book and its followers
The leader of the insurrection was the high priest and executioner known as  Shadowcast.  His presence could make the naughtiest of children become obedient and inspire great fear among the adult population.  This man, most vile, would now be ruler of all and answerable to none.  His reign would plunge  Blessing into eternal darkness and prepare the way for the coming of his master,  Astoroth, the  Grand  Duke of  Hell
The capture of  Magica did not, however, mean that  Shadowcast had finally reached his goal.  He must now find and conquer  Blessing's  Grand  Wizard and legendary hero,  Eriel.  Eriel, who defeated  Evilsyde time and again with his understanding and use of  Magica's spells.  He would be the last stumbling block to total domination
Eriel had removed himself from the general population in anticipation of everlasting peace and now he devoted all of his energy to meditation and praise of his  God.  Lately though, he had been visited by many temptations in his dreams.  Promises of pleasure, riches and power raced through his sleeping mind.  All these lures had been placed there by  Shadowcast, hoping to avoid confrontation between this dominant man and his own villainous forces.  Eriel however had resisted these solicitations and was now warned of some impending danger.  He managed to make his way to the sacred ground by cloaking his identity with simple spells, only to be discovered just before his attempt to rescue the  Book of  Magica, but not before he was able to memorize the most important of  Magica's charms.  The spell of  Restoration
The ceremony of thanksgiving was now directed toward the transmission of spirits to  Otherworld.  One by one the good souls of  Blessing were turned to stone and sent on to their grisly fate, until only the noble  Eriel remained.  The spectacle that followed was meant to degrade  Eriel and raise the courage of the cowardly supplicants of  Evilsyde, but true to his indominantable bearing, he promised to return and banish  Evilsyde forever.  Then he was gone
The horrors of  Otherworld are now revealed to the masses huddled together for some small measure of comfort.  First the adults were separated from their children amid cries and pleas for help.  Next the old ones were taken away and assigned to a place very near the assimilation site.  They were guarded by monstrous, misshapen denizens of this mist- shrouded netherland, who constantly harangued the inmates with promises of pain and extermination.  Intermittent bursts of flame shot up from jagged cracks in the ground, threatening to consume anyone in its path.  Shrieks of torment could be heard piercing the murky atmosphere, further unnerving the petrified captives.  Only one seemed unaffected by all the inflicted fear and turmoil.  Eriel's strength and determination soon pacified the men and women with whom he was confined.  When they all became more calm and subdued, he began to speak to them softly as an adult to his children. " Long ago you entrusted me to protect the  Book of  Magica and to be faithful to its special purpose.  It must seem that  I have failed you and condemned us all to oblivion, but fear not!  This hell is only a test of your faith and resolve.  The power of  Magica did not vanish in fire.  On the third day  I will evoke the spell of  Restoration.  United we shall return to  Blessing and, armed with the strength of  Magica, we will be triumphant.  Many will perish, but  Magica and our souls cannot be restored until three days have passed.  Take heart my friends.  Victory awaits you."
Even magic has its limitations and, as  Eriel explained to his flock, the spell could not be activated until a waiting period of at least three days.  One third of the souls of  Blessing would be melded into the  Evilsyde collective before  Eriel could be effective with the words of  Restoration
The old ones were the first to go.  Cries of encouragement and hope were shouted to the condemned as they trudged slowly to their fate.  One by one they were thrown into the assimilation chamber where a blinding blue spark gave evidence of their demise.  With each burst  Eriel's heavy heart ached with guilt for his part in this slaughter of his charges.  If only he had not become so complacent.  He above all should never have let this tragedy transpire
In the compound holding the young adults, an insurrection of sorts was occurring.  A boy of seventeen years called  Challis was urging an uprising among his captured companions.  Futile though it was, it earned  Challis a place in the cell adjoining  Eriel's.  His rantings and ravings were soon quelled by  Eriel's quiet urging and the two settled into serious conversation.  Eriel knew his time of assimilation was near and only hoped it would not be scheduled before the three day waiting period for  Restoration was ended.  Shadowcast wanted to personally oversee  Eriel's termination but couldn't abandon his duties on  Blessing until all was secure.  Would there be enough time?
Eriel realized some of his own strong qualities in  Challis and decided that this was an opportunity not to be lost.  He instructed  Challis to remove all anger from his mind and hate from his heart.  Only the pure could receive and transmit this most important of spells.  Convinced that this young man was ready, he joined with his spirit and gave him these words. " Sanasha  Gorath  Sollis  Arcanna."  Words that would resurrect the masses if delivered correctly and in time
Over two days had passed before  Shadowcast was ready for travel to  Otherworld to deliver  Eriel to his fate.  His journey through  Otherworld was marked by what could pass for cheers, if they weren't shouted from the mouths of utterly inhuman shapes and forms.  Upon his arrival he instructed the guards to take him straight to  Eriel.  Once there he announced with great satisfaction that he would personally supervise  Eriel's execution in a matter of hours.  Nearby,  Challis loudly voiced his objection to this treatment of his newly met hero and was rewarded by kicks and punches until he could no longer speak.  Eriel's heart sank.  Had he misjudged  Challis and entrusted his people's future to a reckless youth?  Eriel's mind wandered to his own younger days.  He too had been restless and foolhardy, but in time had outgrown these traits and become the adored leader of  Blessing.  He wondered if  Challis had yet experienced love.  Eriel himself had turned his back on the beautiful and innocent  Annica.  She was his intended from birth, but he couldn't let love for this saintly child cloud his duties to  Blessing and the  Book
One hour remained in the wait for  Restoration.  Eriel's hopes were soaring.  Surely  Shadowcast would fail once again.  But as that thought surfaced, so did  Evilsyde's dark leader.  Eriel was led away with head held high, but as he passed  Challis he gave just the slightest nod.  A gesture that wasn't lost on the youth.  Eriel was then taken to the assimilation chamber and strapped to the cross-like structure in the middle of the room.  Seconds were all that stood in the way of resurrection or destruction.  Shadowcast walked to  Eriel, presumably to gloat one last time to his old nemesis.  Eriel welcomed the time that would be wasted, but at the last moment  Shadowcast seemed to reconsider and raised his arm in signal for the end to begin.  The arm dropped and, with crackle and hiss,  Eriel was no more.  Shadowcast and his minions erupted with joy.  Never again to be slaves.  Now to be masters
Challis heard the cheering and knew that  Eriel had passed without time to summon the spell.  Now only he could influence the future.  He heard the rattling of armor and realized they were coming for him.  Soon the guards appeared and dragged the struggling  Challis from his confinement.  One of his jailers struck him a mighty blow across the face and suddenly all his anger left him.  He was sure of what he must do.  Thunder starts from silence and he would be thunder
Challis was taken to the chamber and secured to the cross.  Shadowcast approached him and asked if he had any last thing to say before assimilation.  Challis smiled and said he did.  Then with an evil laugh,  Shadowcast raised his arm and announced that his question was only a final killing joke.  It was now or never.  As the arm fell in signal,  Challis shouted out the spell. " Sanasha  Gorath  Sollis  Arcanna" and all hell actually broke loose.  Challis and the good folk of  Blessing were bathed in an incredible rush of light.  Shadowcast and all his wicked throng writhed in agony in the darkness they were spawned from, as the fierce illumination sought them out and consumed each troll, ogre and gargoyle in a horrible melting frenzy.  Shadowcast, hiding in the last black space to be found, watched the light creep irresistibly toward him.  At the last moment he cloaked his body with his unpriestly robe and muttered what sounded like an oath as the light touched the cloth.  The robe erupted into flame and then there was nothing.  Surely  Shadowcast was also consumed by fire!  But that tale would not yet be told.  Now as each remaining citizen of  Blessing was transported instantly back to their home, they found themselves standing among thousands of recognizable stone statues.  These monuments represented their fallen comrades and would ever be a lasting testament to the dangers of evil and the power of  Magica
Now came the time of mourning.  Funeral pyres brightened the night sky for weeks and songs of sorrow could be heard across the land long after the flames had sputtered and died.  When the prolonged periods of grieving had ended, the citizens and their council directed attention to the task of anointing a new leader and protector of the restored  Book of  Magica.  The choice seemed a simple one.  Challis had resurrected the populace and the  Book, but many questioned his youth and inexperience
The debate raged on as the time of choosing approached.  The candidates were summoned to the sacred place.  Eloquent speeches were made on behalf of them all.  Only  Challis lacked a champion and it seemed certain that he would be passed over. " Will anyone speak for the boy?" asked the council.  The question was greeted by silence as the judges turned away to cast their votes.  Then the quiet was broken.  A handsome woman with golden hair, now flecked with traces of gray, spoke: " Challis must be chosen.  This is the secret  I have carried with me for all these years.  Although  I was once rebuffed by my only true love,  Eriel, our brief union produced the young man standing before you.  Eriel was never to know that he had sired this free spirit, but he will live on through his son's achievements if you now find him worthy."  So spoke  Annica, mother of  Challis
The decision was now reached quickly.  Annica's revelation left little doubt in the minds of the councillors that  Challis should indeed succeed his father.  Evilsyde had been defeated,  Shadowcast was hopefully destroyed,  Challis had been chosen to lead his people and, despite the huge number of casualties, the old way of life began again.  But, evil does not easily die.  Shadowcast did indeed survive and persist in his attempts to challenge and conquer  Blessing.  Great battles would be fought.  Brave heroes would rise to the occasion and legends were created.  There was, of course, the unforgettable  War of the  Darkpeace when  Challis...  Ah!  But that's another story
And then the dark
I've been way beyond your universe
And  I've seen things that  I should never tell
But here  I go again,  I just can't keep it to myself
The story of my world and how  I fell
Round and round
The square inside the circle
And still  I shake the same
At the rhythm of her name
Electra
Electra
I believed in love and miracles
So how can  I be blamed for what  I've done?
And if it's still a sin to hide the best parts for yourself
Then  I have sinned but only just begun
There's no thunder, no lightning
Just a gentle breeze
To warn you that something
Will bring you to your knees
Round and round
You're caught inside the circle
Still  I shake the same
At the mention of her name
Electra
Electra
Hey,  I've been way beyond your universe
And  I've come back to introduce to you
The fear of the heart, just try to keep it from yourself
And it will be the last thing that you'll do
Round and round
You're caught inside a circle
And you will shake the same
At the magic of her name
Electra
Electra
I am here to show my changes
Not to change what  I've become, no, no
I'm not alone and she will testify
That it's the best thing that  I've done, oh, oh, for
Electra
Electra
Inside the walls  I've made
To keep out all who reach for me
I might have lost my way
And  I can't come out again
Don't come around here anymore
You may infect yourself
Don't ever cross this line
You could see monsters
In your mind there just like me
Have  I erased all sense of touch?
I don't feel anything
Sometimes they say  I need
Sometimes  I think  I need
Sometimes  I know  I need
New parts for my brain
Most dreams, they're black and white
But  I must color mine
Each day's another endless night of screaming
Of shouting at the outside
Someone let me in
Set me free now no-one can
Faces at the window
Stop the water, bags of sand
Institutional man
Sometimes they say  I need
Sometimes  I think  I need
Sometimes  I know  I need
New parts for my brain
Set me free now no-one can
Faces at the window
Lock the cages, tie my hands
Institutional, institutional man
Identify the real world
Investigate the real world
Intensify inspection
There for all to see
Here's what lies do
All things turn to
Black, black
Yeah
Now desensitize your heartbeat
Regulate the heartbeat
Sterilize all emotion
Justify your needs
Here's what love does
Dies and fades to
Black, black
There are no champions
Who saves the lonely ones in the corner?
Black, yeah
Black
You must identify you and the real world
Interrogate the new real world
Then generate intention
Information please
Here's what  I know
Soon we'll all go
We must fade to
Black
Hey, liar, tell me your intentions are good
Knowing it could be a lie
I see how you rise to question the eyes
Of anyone who promises pain
Contagious, something like a virus of love
Making the pleasure seem real
Another killing by the villain
Another body on the ground
Here comes the master of destruction again
I knew you from the start
Hunter of the heart
Cat crazy, never the predictable one
Asleep in the sun now the strike
Possession today then send it away
After all the joy's in the taking
Another beating by the villain
Another angel fallen down
Here comes the master of destruction again
Perfect for the part
Hunter of the heart
Another burning by the devil
And another diamond turned to glass
Here comes the master of destruction again
I knew you from the start
Hunter of the heart
Hunter of the heart
All you see down there
Could be yours for the taking
All your heart's desire
Would be yours
But you don't want it
You don't want it
You keep telling me
Stay out of my mind
Stay out of my soul
I can't get you out of my life
So stay out of my mind
Stay out of my mind, yeah
What do you want of life?
What do you keep living for
Is it worth the price?
It'll cost you nothing
But you won't take it
You won't take it
You keep telling me
Stay out of my mind
Stay out of my soul
I can't get you out of my life
So stay out of my mind
Stay out of my mind
Stay out of my mind
Stay out of my soul
I can't get you out of my life
So stay out of my mind
Stay out of my mind
Who controls your mind?
There have been changes
No more giving it all for free
There will be changes
Now woman is all you'll need
Here is a number
You've been given another name
We will be watching
One might fall but you'll all be blamed
Shame, shame
Here's big sister
We're big sister
Hear, big sister
There's big sister
Dancing on your grave
Who controls your mind?
Who's in charge of hearts?
Who controls your time?
We're in charge of you
There have been changes
Even mother's a soldier now
There have been changes
You can touch cause
You don't know how, no
Here's big sister
We're big sister
Hear, big sister
There's big sister
Dancing on your grave
Pretty faces, young and clean
Watching you from magazines
All they want is something more
Kill the king and then we'll crown the whore
Here's big sister
We're big sister
Hear, big sister
There's big sister
Who controls your mind?
In charge of hearts
Controls your time
In charge of you
Here's big sister
We're big sister, control
When you're alone and the sun's gone down one more time
Must you prentend that some light still shines
Sounds like double  Monday, yeah
Each time you think that you've just begun it's the end
Oh someone you love wants to just be friends
Sounds like double  Monday, yeah
Feels like snakes and spiders
Crawling up your body
Every someday, double  Monday
Like a fly against the wall
Just when you think you've seen it all
You lose your special place to hide
So get ready for the ride, ride, ride
Yeah
Every someday, double  Monday
Hush now, children, lullaby
Steal what you can't borrow
Oh, how brave you are
And your world has come so far
Are you saved?
Have you been told
Right is the enemy
Too bad, too late
Write this down
Well,  I don't believe in sanity
Or reading the instructions
Throw them all away, hey
Golden rules
Sunday school
Crazy
Wheels go round
Angry machines
Designing your destiny
Digital dreams
With no heart, no soul
Golden rules
Sunday school
You're all crazy now
Here's the situation
All the rest are getting pretty
You're melting in the city
Father says to mother
Yeah, if you really want to trash it
Go ahead and smash it
Are you saved?
Now when you go to sleep tonight
One way or another
If you don't die before you wake
Do it unto others
Golden rules
Made for fools
Sunday school
You're all crazy
Hush now, children, don't you cry
We've just killed tomorrow
How sad you are
That your world has gone too far
Once upon a high
The streets were gold and blue was
In the sky riders gone
Never could belong
Maybe you still can dream
Sleep through screams
While we're dying in  America
Once upon a child
The carnival would stop and stay a
While you were gone
Everything went wrong
Too soon, cartoon
Dying in  America
Dying in  America
In places where aces outnumber the queens
Jack is afraid of tomorrow
Colors are changing to red, white and green
As we all fall down
Once upon a hate
They told us they could fix it if we'd
Wait for awhile
Killing you with smiles
Maybe you still can dream
Sleep through screams
While we're dying in  America
Dying in  America
Sex, sex, sex
Even bigger, even better
Don't lose out, be a winner
Save more, save time and save now
One hundred thirty per cent  American people
Would like to be like everyone else
Who cares what came before?
We were only starlight
One day, then nevermore
Because we're whispers in the wind
Once upon a time
The world was never blind
Like we are
Right now it seems
You're only dreams and shadows
If wishes could be eagles, how you'd fly
This is your life
This is your time
What if the flame won't last forever?
This is your here
This is your now
Let it be magical
Who cares what came before?
We're only starlight
Once upon a time
All the world was blind
Like we are
This is your life
This is your time
Look at your world
This is your life
One more nightmare
No place like home
You see a picture of angels
I see a nail in the wall
Make him over
No time to lose
And if you've heard this one before
Don't stop me
Don't stop me
We learn slowly
Evil's in the holy
Incidental
God hates heavy metal
So  I know he must hate me
Lazy-crazy
Must be my name
Why are you running to nowhere
Why do you listen to noise
So if you've heard this all before
Please stop me
Please stop me
Live don't preach it
If you can't don't teach it
Accidental
God loves heavy metal
So  I know he must want me
We learn slowly
Mind control is holy
Stir don't shake it
Move too fast you'll break it up
Incidental
God is heavy metal
So  I know he must need me
Who's that angry man  I see
Is he coming closer
Well  I'll just make believe
That  I've never been afraid
Crackle,  Crackle
You're all dead
Feel the heat from firehead
From spooky stories that he's read
They put pictures on his body
Living out a fantasy
To be the last one left alive, hah!
Crackle,  Crackle
You're all dead
Feel the heat from firehead
He's lost the instruction
No control
Suicide fever, he won't be much older
I know, won't go, away
What's that smoke that  I can see
Rising from the ashes
Well, it seems that there will always be
Someone just like you
Crackle,  Crackle
You're all dead
Feel the heat from firehead
It's a crazy world we live in
And  I'm leaving it today
For another institution
Where crazy people play
Every time  I climb the mountain And it turned into a hill
I promised me that  I'd move on And  I will
I,  I, good for nothing
Going nowhere, so they say
Hey
Someone, give me blessings For they say that  I have sinned
That's when  I crawl inside myself
And ride into the wind On strange highways
On strange highways
Hey you,  I want your number
Don't even wonder
We do things our way here
Questions, these are forbidden We got no answers, believe us anyway
So here is my confession
It's the only broken rule
Sometimes  I crawl inside of me
Where  I can be the fool
On strange highways
On strange highways
You can't see the other side
And you shall cross over
You can't leave the other side
If you say,  I will
Every time  I climb the mountain And it turned into a hill
Well,  I promised me  I'd disappear
And now  I know  I will
So someone, give me blessings For the times you say  I've sinned
So  I can crawl inside myself
And ride into the wind
On strange highways
On strange highways
Questions, they're forbidden Hey you, what's your number? We've got no answers Don't you even wonder
On strange highways
Came to the sunset scene
To find out who's inside of me
Some lies  I've never seen But this one lie is on the silver screen
In between real and dream
Like a scream
Hollywood black
I'm 
caught in the middle
Hollywood black
Same story, different eyes
Here's where the hero never, never dies
Can't you tell That all the wishes you've made Have filled up the world
Hollywood black
Caught in the middle
Hollywood black
Yeah
Oh,  Hollywood black
Right in the middle
Too late too little
Back to the street again Or was that yesterday? Another yesterday's gone, gone
Back in the jungle
Running with the animals
Howling at the shine of the spotlight
Those dreams are made of glass
You throw just one stone
And then there goes your last window
Can't you tell
That every wish that you made
Filled up the world
Hollywood black
Caught in the middle
Hollywood black
Hollywood black
Right in the middle
Ah,  Hollywood black
Hollywood black
Caught in the middle
Too late too little
And only the fools come back
Cause  Hollywood is black
Good night, we're closing again
Come back, we're open tomorrow
We've finished today
I'm just staying away
We know what's good for the brain
Oh, plastic dreams and fast machines
Pushing it to the limit
Girls and boys who think that noise
Is music in the air
Twisted felon, stay awhile
Here's your invitation
Dirty rags and body bags
Evilution
Hello, we're open once more
Come in, you need no appointment
We're thinking in time
That you'll move down the line
And represent the business in hell
Well, well
Tell her hope is gone but you carry on
We can set the soul free
All is lost so what's it costs
To listen anyway
The world upstairs where no-one cares
Is just about to crumble
See it through we'll burn for you
Evilution company
Oh, neon names play neon games
Showing it to the public
I hate you and you hate me
And everybody smiles
So money talks and no-one walks
But everybody's crawling
Golden rags and body bags
Evilution
Hello, good night, it's me
I'm open again
Come back, come in, good bye
We're closed
Give me a choice between pleasure and pain
I choose pain
Another day without a heartbeat How can your heart beat If they've taken it away
For the first time, just don't think about it
Take the water and wash your face with pain
You can take away the power Your finest hour It's when you laugh in their faces
For the first time just forget about it
Take a hammer and pound yourself with pain
Bury my bones on the moon
If they never should find me it would be too soon
Give me a choice between power and pain
I choose pain
Oh, bury my bones on moon
If they never should find me it would be too soon
For the first time just forget about
Take the water and wash your face with pain
Pain, oh, just forget about pain
Forget about the pain
Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain!
Here we go again, must be delirious
Can't close my eyes
Sleep is just a drug, this must be serious
This must be serious
Does this go on and on forever
Sometimes in the dark  I feel invincible
I wonder why
I hear voices out of shadows And shadows never lie
Helter skelter
Now give me shelter
Use the children like toys
Eat your lover Then find an another There be good little boys Boys will be boys
I got two hands to hold you
Two arms around you
The master and the slave
Two eyes to watch you
Two hands to help you
Put one foot in the grave
Here we go again, must be delirious
Can't close my eyes, no
Sleep is just a drug, this must be serious
This must be serious
Helter skelter
Now, give me shelter
My brain is twisting again
I could be dreaming this
No,  I'm screaming this
No more, no
She heard this song before Daddy's at the door Just to say  I love you
Please, please don't let him in
Is it all beginning again tonight?
Somebody make it right
I say give her the gun Look at him run away
Give her the gun
Before the next one comes along And doesn't pay
He, dragged into the cold
Momma sold her soul For one more ride to heaven
Please someone let him in
Is it all beginning again tonight?
Can anyone make it right?
I say give him the gun Look at her run away
Oh give him the gun
Before the next one comes along And doesn't pay
Simply unforgivable Destruction of the heart Does anybody care?
Make yourself invisible Be blinded by the light
We're hiding away
What would they say
She played this song before
Daddy's at the door
Just to say hello
Now in a different world Is it all beginning again tonight
Oh  I got to make it right
I say give her the gun
Look at him run away
Oh give her the gun
Before the next one comes along
Give her the gun Look at him falling down
Oh give her the gun
Before the next one comes along
' Cause it goes round and round and round and round
Oh, you've been surprised again
Pulled like a leaf to the waterfall
Everybody's just pretending
I thought that you'd learn by now
Oh, think about it one more time
What have you got when the  God is gone
Clouds don't have a silver lining
And all you ever get is rain
Cause you can't get 
blood from a stone
You can't open the door if there's nobody home
They've taken it all so just leave me alone
You can't get blood from a stone
It isn't once upon a time
When nobody falls and the hero flies
That victims got to fit the crime
And nobody goes down with you, you, you
Cause you can't get blood from a stone
You can't open the door if there's nobody home
They've taken it all so just leave me alone
No, you can't get blood from a stone
No blood from a stone
Go on and leave me alone
And  I know it's a shock
To learn you can't
You can't, you can't get blood from a rock!
Did you ever believe in your dreams before?
Were you always afraid of the dark?
Is the edge of the world always in your head?
Does the gun point straight at your heart?
It used to come just when you sleep
But now, it's only a shout away
You always seem to find the sun
But this time, the sun is a fire
Bring down the rain
This house is burning again
Put out the flame
Bring down the rain
You were told that the storm would just roll on by
That the thunder was made in your mind
And the heat in the night was to keep you warm
And the truth could be told by a lier now
You always seem to find the light
But this time, the light is a fire
Bring down the rain
This house is burning again
Put down the flame
Bring down the rain
Shake up, break up, everybody make up
Everything's always the same
Trapped down, trapped down, everybody back down
Bring down the rain
You always seem to find the light
But this time, the light is a fire
Bring down the rain
This house is burning again
Don't play the game
Bring down the rain
Put out the flame
Bring down the rain
It's the shake up, break up, everybody make up
Well, it's always the same
Trapped down, cracked down, everybody back down
Won't you bring down all the rain
You say you've never seen the light before
Does anyone believe you?
Don't let them hear you say any more
Nothing's really safe around here
We are an imitation of the crown
We never turn the pages
They cannot let your spirit touch the ground
And nothing's going to change around here, no
Crack in the ceiling, hole in the wall
They bend you over but you won't crawl away
You've got two in the bushes, one in the hand
They'd make you over but they can't understand you
You're always going to be the wild one
Pretend that all you really feel is pain
Just hide behind some sorrow
How sad but you'd do it all again
Nobody changes around here
Cat in the cradle, man in the moon
They'd make you over but it's too soon to know, no
I smell smoke in the kitchen, fire in the hall
The train is coming and you can hear it calling
You're always going to be the wild one
Wild, wild one
Crack in the ceiling, hole in the wall
They bend you over now you won't crawl away
You've got two in the bushes, one in the hand
They'd make you over but they can't understand you
You're always going to be the wild one
Wild, wild, wild, wild one
There's a crack in the rainbow
There's a hole in the sky
You believed in something
Now, it's just a lie
No jokes from the jester
Not a laugh from the clown
And your world is upside down
You can hide in a circle
It's a way to survive
Be another number
At least you'd be alive
Or you can ride with the gypsy
He can take you to  Hell
And the answers screaming
In a voice you know so well
You, you're made of fire
Never higher
You were made to run
You, you're burning higher
You've got the fire
You were born on the sun
Get ready to run
Right
So take a walk with a wild one
It's the way that  I've found
You can turn it upside down
You, you're made of fire
Never higher
You were made to run
You, you're burning higher
You've got the fire
You were born on the sun
You, you, hey you
You were born on the sun
How do you feel right now?
How does it feel to be alone?
How do you feel right now?
Tell me
Hey angel, what's your situation?
Hey angel
Where would you be right now?
Waiting to taste your next tomorrow?
Where would you be right now?
Tell me
Was the pain too strong to take it any more So you turned off all the lights and shut the door
Hey angel, what's your destination?
Hey angel
Hey angel, we got a complication
Hey angel, oh, oh you're my angel, my angel
How do you feel right now?
How does it feel to be alone?
How do you feel right now?
How do you feel right now?
Oh angel
You're my angel
Angel, angel, angel
You're my angel
How do you feel right now?
What do you see?
Where would you be right now?
Hey angel what about me?
She never breaks into the conversation
He seems to be the reason
Why she lives
She tries to be The perfect kind of stranger
But we always seem to love the most The ones who never give
It's between two hearts A personal situation
Between two hearts
The kind of love with a reputation
We never have to ask her Why she's crying
The smile she had has been Kicked into a frown
But it still makes her day
To be his pleasure
Should we open up her eyes? Can we ever break the spell?
No-one can tell
It's between two hearts
A personal combination
Between two hearts
The kind of love with a bad reputation
Put on your party faces and come along Join in the big parade Here comes the camera Do you look as good as your sister?
Smile at the animals They should be the ones in the cages
Turn the pages
Another way to spend a rainy  Sunday
Waiting for a call that never comes
The mystery is how
She makes her choices
But don't we always choose
The ones who hide the sun
Everyone
It's between two hearts
Love and desperation
Between two hearts
The kind of love, the kind of love
Between two hearts
A personal situation
Between two hearts
The kind of love with a reputation
Looking on the inside
You're waiting for your life to walk away
Writing's on a wall
You just dream forever, forever
Face it, it's another day
And it's going to be the same tomorrow
The sun is going to go away So let it shine on, shine on, yeah, yeah
When you move to the rhythm of shadows
You can hide from the heat of the sun
' Cause if you dance to the beat of the darkness
You burn before the fire's begun
Then comes the night
You come alive
With night music
It keeps spinning around my head
Night music
It's all the things that you never said
And anywhere you are
There's night music
They're playing our night music
So open up your arms and let the night time in
Say the word and it begins
In the night you're the song and the singer
You can choose what the band's going to play
Write the words under cover of moonlight
Oh make some magic with the things that you say
Together we can kill the day
With our night music
You're the singer and  I'm the song
Night music
Where's the place we can belong
Playing night music
Here comes the night, you will survive
Dancing in the moonlight makes you feel alive
Oh make it all begin
Just open up the magic, let the night time in
Yeah, let it in
In the houses of the holy To the middle of the mystic sea At the cradle of the world There's a black cat screaming And it's not even midnight, no At the cradle of the world They're screaming for sanctuary They're screaming at you Lock up the wolves Lock up the wolves, yeah, yeah, yeah Now there's a cloud over heaven And a pain out of paradise In your corner of the world Turn your back on the children Does it feel like it's colder In your corner of the world They're screaming for sanctuary They're screaming at you Lock up the wolves Lock up the wolves Lock up the wolves Lock up the wolves Don't you let them get away Lock up the wolves before you play Or it's over Lock up the wolves Now don't you let them get away Don't you let them get away There's no back door to heaven Just a front door to hell In this corner of the world Now if you turn your back on the children Well, you'll feel it getting colder In your corner of the world
They're screaming for sanctuary
They're screaming at you
Lock up the wolves, yeah
Lock up the wolves, lock them up
Spent the night on the road
And never saw the miles go
Running away
I've got to get free from myself
Now stories were made to be told
And here's the one that  I know
Oh  I can't hide it any more
There's evil on  Queen  Street
Some evil up the road
I saw the house in the dark
It seemed to say, come touch me
I've got a heart
Open the door to my soul
Climb to the top of my stairs
And look into my windows
I can be your wishing well
There's no evil here on  Queen  Street
Let me in,  I can warm in the heat of your fire
It's no permanent sin to be bad if you're sorry
Let me go, you're a promise that comes from a liar
I don't know, if  I ever can wash all the evil away, hey
Struck a match at the dark
It screamed, no, no,  I love you
Together we're strong
You always believed what  I'd say, hey
But now the heat of the flame
Starts me to remember
There's no evil, no more evil
No evil on  Queen  Street
Just some smoke up in the air
No evil, no evil
He's just an ordinary man
No, he's never going to live forever
So he takes it where he can
Too many nights without a day
For the sake of being clever
He almost lost his way
He always thought that he could fly
Till he was shot down from the sky
You can't walk on water, don't try
You can't walk on water, my, my, my
They say there's ice inside his veins
He's the man of a thousand faces
Silver spoons and golden chains
He thought his heart was made of steel
But it never started pounding
Till they strapped him to the wheel
He always thought that he could fly
Till he was shot down from the sky
No matter what you try
You can't walk on water, my, my
You can't walk on water, don't even try
Somebody said we'll make him strong
He can give us all the answers
Tell us right and show us wrong
If you believe it, it's no lie
And there is an end to summer
' Cause the winter makes it die
He never looked above his head
And so he missed the things they said
He always thought that he could fly
Until they shot him from the sky
No matter how you try
You can't walk on water, can't burn the sun
You can't walk on water, can't walk on water
You can't, you can't
You can't, you can't, you can't
Walk on water
Walk on water
Walk on water
Don't try, no
It's just a matter of time
He was the victim and he never saw the crime
He had invisible eyes
He told you truth but you were sure of it lies
Cause he was twisted
He was twisted, all right
He was the fortunate one
He could have pulled the trigger but he couldn't get the gun
They told him that he was blind
He didn't understand cause he could see them inside
Where they were twisted
Oh so twisted
He could feel it they were twisted
Twisted up inside
Look inside any window
Come on and see the show
It's the same generation
They set you free but they just won't let you go, no
No, no, no
Just a matter of time
They told me  I was guilty so  I thought  I did the crime
I never learned how to cry
And when  I told the truth they were sure it was a lie
Sure that  I would try
Sure of it
Sure of it
Cause  I'm so twisted
Well, he's twisted
I'm twisted
She's twisted up inside
They're twisted
We're twisted
And when you're twisted
There's just no place to hide away
He was ready to rock and roll
So ready to lose control
But when a hungry heart gets a taste of freedom, you better look out
He was ready to push and shove
Ready to fight for love
But  I've seen it before, it can make you crazy
Yes, the eyes are what you see
Why are they watching me?
She was ready to black and white
The colours were just too bright
She loved to fly but she hated falling
She was caught in the in between
Her dirty would not come clean
She ran for light but she got darkness
Just when you think you're free
The eyes are what you see
Why are they watching me?
Why do they do the things they do?
Why are they watching me?
They're watching you
Watching you
Watching you
Watching you
If only the eyes could see
Then you'd know your destiny
The mind is an enemy
And you just need a friend
Ready, ready, ready, ready, ready to rock and roll
Ready to take control
If you see the eyes will it make you crazy, crazy, so crazy
Why are they watching me?
Why do they do the things they do?
Why are they watching me?
They are watching you
Watching you
Watching you, you, you
Watching you
My eyes can see inside tomorrow
My eyes can get next to you
Time flies on wings that just get stronger
My eyes are true
My eyes could see the body shaking
My eyes were clear and bright
Goodbyes are easy to remember
You can see the hurt still there in my eyes
I've fallen off the edge of the world
I've fallen from the top of the mountain
Just to rise again
I've seen it from heaven and hell I've seen it from the eyes of a stargazer
I want to be 
invisible
Just get me out of here
Could the dreamer be turning to stone
Rock and roll eyes
The colour of rainbows
, believer of lies
Rock and roll eyes
My eyes
Don't want to see the end of it all
Just get me out of here
Just get me out of here
Just get me out of here
Rock and roll eyes
The keeper of rainbows, collector of lies
Rock and roll eyes
Now rock and roll eyes
Tell rock and roll lies
And rock and roll lies
Never end
Rock and roll friends
With rock and roll trends
And rock and roll ends
With my eyes
Do you like the dark?
Do you like the way it moves?
Do you come alive when neon kills the sun?
Are you hypnotised?
Part of the illusion
Oh see how they run
It's the mystery
Poetry and passion
Innocence and fashion
Revolution, evolution ways
Night people
Are you satisfied
With the lessons that you're learning?
Is the fire really burning?
Do you know?
Hey, dream child
Promises are spoken
And promises are broken
Electric eyes that never let you
See them in the day
Night people
Night people
Do you like the dark?
Do you like the way it moves?
Do you come alive when neon kills the sunshine?
Are you hypnotised?
Innocence and fashion
Promises and passion
Evolution, revolution ways
And everybody stays
Night people
Night people, yeah
Do you like the dark?
Do you like the way it moves?
Are you hypnotised?
Paralysed
Revolution
Hey, dream child
You got electric eyes
Hey, dream child
Night people
Night, night people
All's well at the midnight hour
You're ready to fly
Don't think about the darkness
Or the rumbling in the sky
Somewhere on the morning road
Just waiting for you
Some things that just could never be
Are calling up a spell, so you can see
Dream evil, the dark that you find In the back of your mind
Dream evil, dream evil
Don't go to the edge of rainbows
Don't close your eyes
Like things that can't be real
The truth is really lies
Don't wish on a rising star
You could open up the door
Where things that just should never be
Are calling up a spell, so you can see
Dream evil, the dark that you find Can come out of your mind
Dream evil, take you away
Oh no, it's the midnight hour
Don't leave me alone
Those things that just should never be
Are calling up a spell, so you can see
Dream evil, dream evil
Dream evil, dream evil
Dream evil
Oh no, it's the midnight hour
Don't open the door
Don't go the edge of rainbows
Don't sleep anymore
You'll dream evil, you'll dream evil
You'll dream evil, dream evil
The night has a thousand eyes
But he moves in only places
Where the eyes can never be
The night tells a thousand lies
And when you wake up in the morning
Were you dreaming, screaming
Trying to hide your burning heart
Before somebody cuts it all away
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Somebody start the game
And the dark will just get louder
As it shouts away the light
A shadow without a name
But when he wakes up in the morning
He just won't know, was he a hero
Trying to hide his burning heart
Before somebody cuts it all away
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Anybody can
Sunset superman
The night has a thousand eyes
But he moves in only places Where the eyes can never be
The night tells a thousand lies
And when you wake up in the morning
Were you dreaming, screaming
Trying to hide your broken heart
Before somebody cuts it all away
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Anybody can
Anybody can
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
Sunset superman
There's perfect harmony In the rising and the falling of the sea
And as we sail along I never fail to be astounded by the things we'll do For promises and a song
We are the innocent, we are the damned We were caught in the middle of the madness Hunted by the lion and the lamb
We bring you fantasy, we bring you pain It's your one great chance for a miracle Or we will disappear never to be seen again
And all the fools sailed away All the fools sailed away, sailed away
We bring you beautiful, we teach you sin
We can give you a piece of the universe
Or we will disappear never to return again
And all the fools sailed away
All the fools sailed away
All the fools sailed away
They sailed away, sailed away
And as we drift along
I never fail to be astounded by the things we'll do
For promises and a song
We are the innocent, we cut, we bleed
We're your one great chance for a miracle
And a miracle is something you need
They'll take your diamonds, and then give you steel
You'll be caught in the middle of the madness
Just lost like them
And part of all the pain they feel.  Yeah!
And all the fools sailed away
All the fools sailed away
All the fools sailed away
Leaving nothing, nothing more to say
All the fools sailed away
They say you're beautiful And they'll always let you in But doors are never open To the child without a trace of sin Sail away
Two faces on fire, no traces
Something has swallowed the night
You know that nothing
Can make it alright
Like candy emotion, too much
And sugar can turn to sand
You scream
But nobody touches your hand
Are we just shouting at the pain?
Or do we see just what we are?
We're naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Two children, guns loaded Take aim and blow all the dreams away Too late for anything better to say
Are we just crazy with the pain?
Or do we see just what we are?
We're naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Two faces, no fire, no traces
Fever has turned to snow
Hearts break to show you
The way as you go
Are we just running from the pain?
Or do we see just what we are?
We're naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Two children on fire
Emotion burns higher
Guns loaded, blow all the dreams away
Naked in the rain
Naked in the rain
Frightened by the pain
Naked in the rain
Seems  I've heard this song a thousand times before
He just wanted her, but she wants more
So build a wall, keep it all to herself
Oh
Always never seemed to be too much
Reaching out became a spider's touch
Wrapped in chains, sad remains
Another victim of...
Overlove
Overlove
He was just the devil in a thin disguise
Jealousy behind the greenest eyes
Turn the page, close the cage
Another victim of...
Overlove
Overlove, yeah
Overlove
Overlove, overlove, overlove
Mama never left her baby all alone
Baby never knew when she was grown
Now mama's gone and come the dawn
You got another victim of...
Overlove
Overlove
Overlove
Overlove, love, love, love, love
Overlove
Running with the wolf pack
Feel like  I'm never coming back
And every time, there's sunshine
I'm blind, yeah
I am everybody
And everyone that  I know is me
Everyone that  I know won't see
I could have been a dreamer
I could have been a shooting star
I could have been a dreamer, yeah
I'm another number
And you know the numbers must agree
But every time, the wind blows
I can't fly, why?
We take away tomorrow
And never see the end of today
Lock it up and send it away, forever
I could have been a dreamer
I could have been a shooting star
I could have been a dreamer
Cause dreams are what we are
I could have been a dreamer
Running with the wolf pack
Feel like  I'm never coming back
But maybe that was sunshine
That  I saw
I've heard about a rainbow
I've heard it makes you crazy
I think  I'm going crazy
Crazy 'cause  I see
I could have been a dreamer
I could have been a shooting star
I could have been a dreamer
Cause dreams are what we are
I could have been a dreamer
I could have been the one to fly
I always could have been a dreamer
Cause dreamers never die, no
I could have been a dreamer
Dreamer
I could have been a dreamer
Dreamer
I could have been a dreamer
Dreamer
I could have been a dreamer
Give me shelter, shelter
I can face the day
Then  I'll just fade away
Give me shelter
Give me shelter
Sleep comes slowly The fire starts to die Then you open up your eyes Faces in the window
Noises in the night
Faces in the window
Hiding from the light
Faces in the window
We are evil And we are all divine Creations of the mind
We are pleasure
I see clearly
Who's behind the wall
Yes,  I can see us all
We're faces in the window
Noises in the night
Faces in the window
Hiding from the light
Faces in the window
Give me shelter, shelter, shelter
Give me shelter, shelter, shelter
Faces in the window
Noises in the night
Faces in the window
Hiding from the light
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
When the fire starts to die And you open up your eyes There they are in the window Faces in the window
We are evil and divine Just creations of the mind
And faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Faces in the window
Oh rain falls, thunder cracks the air
Lightning from the sky everywhere
Stars move, they're shaking all the earth
Show you what you're worth
Here it comes
When a woman cries
Fire burning through your brain
Turn to face the train
Hey, it's magic, said the mother to the child
It's stronger than a smile
Let it go
When a woman cries
When a woman cries
When a woman cries
When a woman cries
Just when you think it's pretend
Here it comes over and over again
And if we should live forever
Maybe we'll still just never know
Oh rain falls, thunder cracks the air
Lightning from the sky everywhere
Stars move, shaking all the earth
Show you what you're worth
Here it comes
When a woman cries
Fire, magic, shaking all the earth
When a woman cries
Oh stars move, thunder cracks the air
Lightning from the sky
When a woman cries
When a woman cries
When a woman cries, yeah
When a woman cries
When a woman cries
Yes, the best steel goes through the fire
And you seem to burn
The dead man's always a liar
Look out, there's another one learning
Too late for tomorrow
There's only today
So take your magic carpet ride
Hide in the rainbow
Hide in the rainbow
Oh the last one out of thunder
He will always survive
But if you are starting to wonder
No, no, you can never surrender
You see through the mystery
And now you can fly
So take your magic carpet ride
Hide in the rainbow
Oh to hide, yeah
Hide in the rainbow
Hide in the rainbow
Ride to the sun, yeah
Now the best steel goes through the fire
And you seem to burn
The dead man's always a liar
Look out, there's another one learning
Got to hide in the rainbow
Hide in the rainbow
Oh no, here it comes again
Can't remember when we came so close to love before
Hold on, good things never last
Nothing's in the past, it always seems to come again
Again and again and again
Cry out to legions of the brave
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Ride out, protectors of the realm
Capatin's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights
Circles and rings, dragons and kings
Weaving a charm and a spell
Blessed by the night, holy and bright
Called by the toll of the bell
Bloodied angels fast descending
Moving on a never-bending light
Phantom figures free forever
Out of shadows, shining ever-bright
Neon  Knights!
Neon  Knights!  All right!
Cry out to legions of the brave
Time again to save us from the jackals of the street
Ride out, protectors of the realm
Capatin's at the helm, sail across the sea of lights
Again and again, again and again and again
Neon  Knights!
Neon  Knights!
All right!
We're a ship without a storm
The cold without the warm
Light inside the darkness that it needs
, yeah…
We're a laugh without a tear
The hope without the fear
We are coming… home!
We're off to the witch
We may never never never come home
But the magic that we'll feel is worth a lifetime
We're all born upon the cross
We're the throw before the toss
You can release yourself But the only way is down
We don't come alone We are fire, we are stone
We're the hand that writes
And quickly moves away
We'll know for the first time If we're evil or divine We're the last in line
, yeah
We're the last in line, oh!
Two eyes from the east It's the  Angel or the  Beast
And the answer lies between the good and bad
We search for the truth
We could die upon the tooth
But the thrill of just the chase is worth the pain
We'll know for the first time
If we're evil or divine
We're the last in line
Yeah, we're the last in line, oh
Yeah!
We're off to the witch
We may never never never come home
But the magic that we'll feel is worth a lifetime
We're all born upon the cross
You know we're the throw before the toss
You can release yourself
But the only way to go is down
We'll know for the first time
If we're evil or divine
We're the last in line, oh
We're the last in line
See all we shine
We're the last in, we're the last in
We're the last in, we're the last in
We're the last in, we're the first in line, oh
We're a ship without a storm
We're the cold inside the warm
We're a laugh without a tear
We're the far without the near
We're the last in line
We're the last in line
We're the last in line
See how we shine
We're the last in line
In the misty morning, on the edge of time
We've lost the rising sun, a final sign
As the misty morning rolls away to die
Reaching for the stars, we blind the sky
We sailed across the air before we learned to fly
We thought that it could never end
We'd glide above the ground before we learned to run, run
Now it seems our world has come undone
Oh they say that it's over
And it just had to be
Ooh they say that it's over
We're lost children of the sea, oh
We made the mountains shake with laughter as we played
Hiding in our corner of the world
Then we did the demon dance and rushed to nevermore
Threw away the key and locked the door
Oh they say that it's over, yeah
And it just had to be
Yes they say that it's over
We're lost children of the sea
In the misty morning, on the edge of time
We've lost the rising sun, a final sign
As the misty morning rolls away to die
Reaching for the stars, we blind the sky
Oh they say that it's over, yeah
And it just had to be
Oh they say that it's over
Poor lost children of the sea, yeah
L O O K  O U T!  The sky is falling down!
L O O K  O U T!  The world is spinning round and round and round!
L O O K  O U T!  The sun is going black, black
L O O K  O U T!  It's never never never coming back,  L O O K  O U T!
Mhhh-hm-hmm
Yeah, yeah
Holy  Diver You've been down too long in the midnight sea Oh, what's becoming of me?
Ride the tiger You can see his stripes but you know he's clean
Oh, don't you see what  I mean?
Gotta get away Holy  Diver, yeah
Got shiny diamonds
Like the eyes of a cat in the black and blue
Something is coming for you, look out!
Race for the morning You can hide in the sun 'til you see the light Oh, we will pray it's all right
Gotta get away, get away
Between the velvet lies There's a truth that's hard as steel, yeah
The vision never dies Life's a never-ending wheel, say
Holy  Diver You're the star of the masquerade No need to look so afraid
Jump, jump; jump on the tiger You can feel his heart but you know he's mean Some light can never be seen, yeah!
Holy  Diver You've been down too long in the midnight sea Oh, what's becoming of me?
  No!  No!
Ride the tiger You can see his stripes but you know he's clean
Oh, don't you see what  I mean?
Gotta get away, get away
Gotta get away, get away, yeah
Holy  Diver, sole survivor You're the one who's clean
Holy  Diver,  Holy  Diver
There's a cat in the blue coming after you,  Holy  Diver
Oh,  Holy  Diver
Yeah, alright
Get away, get away, get away
Holy  Diver,  Holy  Diver
Oh,  Holy  Diver
Mhhh-hmmm-hmmm
Sing me a song, you're a singer
Do me a wrong, you're a bringer of evil
The devil is never a maker
The less that you give, you're a taker
So it's on and on and on, it's heaven and hell
Oh well
The lover of life's not a sinner
The ending is just a beginner
The closer you get to the meaning
The sooner you'll know that you're dreaming
So it's on and on and on, oh it's on and on and on
It goes on and on and on, heaven and hell
I can tell
Fool, fool
Oh uh
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Well if it seems to be real, it's illusion
For every moment of truth, there's confusion in life
Love can be seen as the answer, but nobody bleeds for the dancer
And it's on and on, on and on and on and on and on and on and on
They say that life's a carousel
Spinning fast, you've got to ride it well
The world is full of kings and queens
Who blind your eyes and steal your dreams
It's heaven and hell, oh well
And they'll tell you black is really white
The moon is just the sun at night
And when you walk in golden halls
You get to keep the gold that falls
It's heaven and hell, oh no
Fool, fool
You've got to bleed for the dancer
Fool, fool
Look for the answer
Fool, fool, fool
I'm a wheel,  I'm a wheel
I can roll,  I can feel
( And)  You can't stop me turning
'cause  I'm the sun,  I'm the sun
I can move,  I can run
But you'll never stop me burning
Come down with fire
Lift my spirit higher
Someone's screaming my name
Come and make me holy again
I'm the man on the silver mountain
I'm the man on the silver mountain
I'm the day,  I'm the day
I can show you the way
And look,  I'm right beside you
I'm the night,  I'm the night
I'm the dark in the light
With eyes that see inside you
Come down with fire
Lift my spirit higher
Someone's screaming my name
Come and make me holy again
I'm the man on the silver mountain
I'm the man on the silver mountain
Come down with fire
Lift my spirit higher
Someone's screaming my name
Come and make me holy again
I'm the man on the silver mountain
I'm the man on the silver mountain
Well,  I can help you, you know  I can
I'm the man on the silver mountain
I'm the man on the silver mountain
Just look at me and listen
I'm the man, the man, here go my hand
I'm the man on the silver mountain
Come down with fire
Lift my spirit higher
I'm the man on the mountain
I'm the man on the silver mountain
When there's lightning You know it always brings me down' Cause it's free
 
and  I see that it's me Who's lost and never found
I cry out for magic
I feel it dancing in the light
It went cold, lost my hold To the shadows of the night
No sign of the morning coming
You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow in the dark A rainbow in the dark
Do your demons Do they ever let you go?
When you've tried, do they hide deep inside?
Is it someone that you know?
You're just a picture You're an image caught in time
We're a lie, you and  I
We're words without a rhyme
There's no sign of the morning coming You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow in the dark
Just a rainbow in the dark, yeah
When  I see lightning You know it always brings me down' Cause it's free and  I see that it's me Who's lost and never found
Feel the magic
I feel it floating in the air
But it's fear and you'll hear it calling you
Beware, look out!
There's no sight of the morning coming
There's no sign of the day
You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow, like a rainbow in the dark
Yeah, yeah, you're a rainbow in the dark
Just a rainbow in the dark
No sign of the morning
You're a rainbow in the dark
Woah
*live audience cheering*
He's the king of rock and roll!
Alright!
Alright!
Right, 
hot night, summer in the city
Just about to smoke and burn
Look out, he's evil, but he's pretty
And always gonna twist and turn
He's got the midnight madness
He's got control
He's the king of rock and roll
Bad blood, everybody knows it
But everybody doesn't care, no
He's got the only way to show it
They want to see it everywhere
He's got to give you fever
He'll scratch your soul
He's the king of rock and roll
The king of rock and roll
Bad boy, always on the cover
Getting the story told
Fast, fast, one way or another
Cause you'll never, never, never
Never, never get old
He makes a special magic
And you've got control
You are the king of rock and roll
He's got the midnight madness, he's got a soul
Cause he's the king of rock and roll
King of rock and roll
Rock and roll (rock and roll)
Rock and roll (rock and roll)
Rock and roll (rock and roll)
The king of rock and roll!
Hey The old ones speak of winter The young ones praise the sun And time just slips away Oh Running into nowhere Turning like a wheel And a year becomes a day
Whenever we dream, that's when we fly
So here is a dream for just you and  I We'll find the sacred heart Somewhere bleeding in the night Look for the light And find the sacred heart
Oh
Here we see the wizard Staring through the glass And he's pointing right at you!
Now, you can see tomorrow The answer and the lie And the things you've got to do, yeah
Oh
Sometimes you never fall
And ah
You're the lucky one
But oh
Sometimes you want it all
You've got to reach for the sun
And find the sacred heart
Somewhere bleeding in the night Oh, look to the light
( Guitar solo)
Well
You fight to kill the dragon
You bargain with the beast
Then you sail into a sigh
You run along the rainbow And never leave the ground Still you don't know why
Whenever you dream you're holding the key
It opens the door to let you be free
And find the sacred heart
Somewhere bleeding in the night
Run for the light
And you'll find the sacred heart
A shout comes from the wizard The sky begins to crack And he's looking right at you Quick Run along the rainbow Before it turns to black Attack!
And oh
Sometimes you never fall
And ah
You're the lucky one
Oh
And sometimes you need it all
You've got to reach for the sun
And find the sacred heart
Yeah
Bleeding in the night
We'll find the sacred heart
She's a rumor in the night
It's crazy
You can see her but she isn't there
She's the stealer of the light
It's crazy
But you go anywhere
It was just a summer night
Maybe
When a shiver cut across the air
Should you run and get away
Maybe
To go where-where-where
She crouches the hunter
Ready to tell you
Another lie
Another lie
You could see the other side of someday
Feel the power of the young and strong
You were learning how to fly someway
You were wrong-wrong-wrong
She jumped at the moment
A chance to tell you
Another lie
It was just a summer night
Maybe
When a shiver cut across the air
Should you run and get away
Maybe
To go where-where-where
She jumps at the moment
She crouches the hunter yeah
You look and you know she's telling you
Another lie
Another lie
Why it's crazy
When you feel you're getting stronger
Why it's crazy
All the lies are getting longer
Another lie
Another lie
You're a dancer
But you're dancing on air
Just a matter of time till you fall
You're a dreamer, one night at the fair
But still you want it all
You're in danger, the last of a line
But the vision lasts forever
So just hold on
You can make it happen for you
Reach for the stars and
You will fly
You're hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven, hungry for  Heaven
But you need a little  Hell
You're a runner
But you're chasing yourself
Feel a hot breath on your shoulder
Your emotion
Running cold, running warm
The young just getting older
We are sunlight
We can sparkle and shine and
Our dreams are what we're made of
Just hold on
You can make it happen for you
Reach for the stars and
You will fly
You're hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven, hungry for  Heaven
But you need a little  Hell
Hungry
You're hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven, hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven
You're hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven
So hungry for  Heaven
You're hungry for  Heaven
You're a dancer
But you're dancing on air
You're a dreamer, one night at the fair
You're hungry, hungry there for  Heaven
You're a runner in the night
Just a dreamer, but that's alright
You're hungry, hungry for  Heaven
Hungry, hungry for  Heaven
Hungry for  Heaven, hungry for  Heaven
Tonight we run
We can hide in the dark
When the moon steals the light from the dying sun
Oh run
There's a better thing that we have ever done
There's a beast that lives inside you
And it's screaming to get out
Like the beat of a heart
Like the beat of a heart
Don't look behind
Cause a tear that never dries can only make you blind
You've got to try
Cause the future's never, never going to die
There's a beast that lives inside you
And it's screaming to get out
It's a storm that's never ending
It's a truth without a doubt
Tonight we run
We can hide in the dark
Till the moon steals the light from the sun
There's a beast that lives inside you
And it's screaming, let me out
It's a storm that's never ending
It's a truth without a doubt
Now love can be a whisper
But pain will always shout to you
Like the beat of a heart
Like the beat of a heart
Like the beat of a heart
Like the beat of a heart
Go beat your heart
You never sing for pleasure
You only make the sounds
You never feel the magic
Cause you think the world is round
And you never dance in moonlight
You run but you never move
You don't believe in some day
And the truth is what you prove
But it's all right
Well, it's all right
Just another day
Too many chains around you
You laugh but you never smile
And you don't belong in heaven
But you're here all the while
And it's all right
Well, it's all right
Just another day
Another day
Another day
Another day to let you down
Another way that they have found
Yes, another day, another way
Another way, another day
You never sing for pleasure
You only make the sounds
You never feel the magic
Cause you think the world is spinning round for you
But it's all right
Yes, it's all right
Well, it's all right
Just another day
Screaming out alone in the night
Just a time and place
But it's real alright
We are diamonds that shine without fire
We're climbing the stairs, going down
And never higher
We're fallen  Angels
You know something came
To me in a dream
The crack of a gun
And a bloody scream
Then  I could see the faces and
Why  I was holding the gun
And the world began to die
For fallen  Angels, falling down
Fallen  Angels, come gather round
It's a criminal world
And we all get to play
You're a criminal
Sins of the children
Never get washed away
We're fallen  Angels, going down
All of you fallen  Angels
Hey  Angels, gather round
We are screaming out alone in the night
Just a time and place
But it's real alright
We are diamonds that shine without fire
We're climbing the stairs, going down
And never higher
We're fallen  Angels, fallen  Angels
Fallen  Angels
If something comes to you in a dream
Open your eyes and scream it out
Remember that the evil you rule
It's waiting outside bringing pain
By you, fallen  Angels
Yes, you know the feeling
All alone, your back to the wall
And all the doorways
Are starting to close in front of you
Well, there's no confusion
Oh no, it came in a spell
I found it in a wishing well
Now it's a matter of mind
You know you can be free forever
So the next time someone points a gun at you
Say shoot, shoot,  I don't care
Shoot, shoot
Hey, someone
If your chains are heavy for you
Hey, someone
Let it rain while  I show you the way
This could be your lucky day
It's a matter of mind
You know you can be free forever
So the next time someone points a gun at you
Hey, say shoot, shoot, you don't care
Shoot, shoot
Hey,  Shoot, shoot, anywhere
Shoot, shoot
Bang, bang
Shoot, shoot
It's a matter of mind
Shoot, shoot
You know you can be free forever
Shoot, shoot
So the next time someone points a gun at you
Hey, say shoot, shoot,  I don't care
Shoot, shoot
Oh shoot, shoot, anywhere
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot,  I won't go away
Shoot, shoot, yeah, oh
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot
Shoot, shoot
You watch their faces
You'll see the traces of the things they want to be
But only we can see
They come for killing, they leave and still it seems
The cloud that's left behind ( Oh-oh) can penetrate your mind
But sail on, sing your song, carry on' Cause we rock, we rock We rock
We pray to someone
But when it's said and done
It's really all the same with just a different name
So many voices, all giving choices
If we listen, they will say, ' Oh we can find the way'
But we'll sail on, sing a song, carry on' Cause we rock, we rock We rock, we rock We rock, we rock We rock, we rock We rock
( We rock)
You watch their faces
You'll see the traces of the things they want to be
But only we can see
They come for killing, they leave and still it seems
The cloud that's left behind can penetrate your mind
Sail on, sing your song, carry on' Cause we rock, we rock We rock, we rock We rock, we rock We rock, we rock
Ride out, stand and shout, carry on Sail on, sing your song, carry on' Cause we rock, we rock See how we rock We rock, that's rock We rock, we rock We rock
We're a ship without a storm
The cold without the warm
Light inside the darkness that it needs
, yeah…
We're a laugh without a tear
The hope without the fear
We are coming… home!
We're off to the witch
We may never never never come home
But the magic that we'll feel is worth a lifetime
We're all born upon the cross
We're the throw before the toss
You can release yourself But the only way is down
We don't come alone We are fire, we are stone
We're the hand that writes
And quickly moves away
We'll know for the first time If we're evil or divine We're the last in line
, yeah
We're the last in line, oh!
Two eyes from the east It's the  Angel or the  Beast
And the answer lies between the good and bad
We search for the truth
We could die upon the tooth
But the thrill of just the chase is worth the pain
We'll know for the first time
If we're evil or divine
We're the last in line
Yeah, we're the last in line, oh
Yeah!
We're off to the witch
We may never never never come home
But the magic that we'll feel is worth a lifetime
We're all born upon the cross
You know we're the throw before the toss
You can release yourself
But the only way to go is down
We'll know for the first time
If we're evil or divine
We're the last in line, oh
We're the last in line
See all we shine
We're the last in, we're the last in
We're the last in, we're the last in
We're the last in, we're the first in line, oh
We're a ship without a storm
We're the cold inside the warm
We're a laugh without a tear
We're the far without the near
We're the last in line
We're the last in line
We're the last in line
See how we shine
We're the last in line
You said a single word
But no one really heard
Sometimes we scream alone
It's always worse at night
When darkness kills the light
You're in the danger zone
You wait with pounding heart
You know it's just the start
' Cause you're breathless, ready to burn
Breathless, the circle still turns
Breathless willing to learn
You're breathless
Living inside your mind
Who knows the things you'll find
There could be hell or rainbows
But it's a funny thing
The more you feel the sting
You're just a leaf that the wind blows
You've been this way before
One step and you're through the door
And you're breathless, ready to burn
Breathless, the circle still turns
Breathless, willing to learn
You're breathless
You said a single word
But no one really heard
Sometimes we scream alone
It's always worse at night
When darkness kills the light
We're in the danger zone
You wait with pounding heart
You know it's just the start
Dark touches send rushes through the brain
Black's whiter, burns brighter than the flame
No shadows, just whispers in the wind
No faces, just places to begin
I just come seeking pleasure,  I hate the light
I speed at night, at night, alright
My demons, they seem to disappear
No vision,  I only see to hear
Protection,  I never needed none
Direction, just nowhere near the sun
You've go some stairs to  Heaven, you may be right
I only know in my world,  I hate the light
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night, alright
Dark touches send rushes through the brain
Black's whiter, burns brighter than the flame
No shadows, just whispers in the wind
No faces, just places to begin
You've got some stairs to  Heaven, you may be right
I only know in my world,  I hate the light
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night, yeah
I speed at night, night, night, night, night
I speed at night, night, night, night, night
No shadows, no faces
Just whispers in dark places
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night
I speed at night, alright
Johnny was a dark child
He was promised to us all
But riders in the night
Can lift you out of sight when they call
That's all
My  Sally was a princess
And she was chosen for the crown
But chains can't stop the sound of
One night in the city
One night looking pretty
Then someone opened doorways
And  Johnny slipped away
Running for the bright
Where dark is always light
There's no day, no way
The princess saw the dark child
And the dark child said her name
Come, steal away, we'll play the game
Do you watch?
Do you see?
Do you know the people in me?
I'm the bite,  I'm the bark,  I'm the scream
I'm the poor,  I'm the sure
I'm the holy,  I'm the pure
I can tell you tales
You just might not believe
One night in the city
One night looking pretty
One night in the city
One night looking pretty
One night, one night
One night, one night
One night, one night
The children shared the wonder
Of the leather and the lace
But one child went away
And one child stayed to play for
One night in the city
One night looking pretty
One night in the city
One night touching pretty
But chains don't make a wall
And dreams lay where they fall
Dark is never night
When dreams make up the light
One night in the city
One night
One night feeling pretty
One night in the city
One night
Feeling pretty, pretty, pretty
Pretty, pretty in the city
One night, one night
One night in the city
One night
One night, one night
One night, one night
One night, one night
One night
One night in the city
One night, one night
One night, one night
One night, one night
One child went away
And one child stayed to play
Chains don't make a wall
Your dreams are made up
Where they fall, in the city
One night in the city
One night in the city
Hide in the midnight
Turn out the lights, you'll see them anyway
Sail into never
They'll follow wherever you can go
And take you to the places you don't know, no, no
It's the call of the city
The way that black's pretty to the purest heart
It's places of pleasure
They promise you treasure if you fly
And then there goes the soul of you and  I
Oh do you ever think about the way  I caught the rainbow
I'll be there where fire makes you dance
I'm going to give you the look that opens up the skies
I've got evil eyes, evil eyes, evil eyes, evil eyes
Yes, evil eyes
Ooh those eyes
Hide in the night time
Turn out the lights, they'll see you anyway
Sail into never
They'll follow wherever you can go
Evil eyes, evil eyes, evil eyes, evil eyes
Evil eyes, evil eyes
Protect your lies, evil eyes
You're a thin disguise for what you are, evil eyes
Sail into never
They'll follow forever
' Cause they're evil eyes
Evil, evil, evil, evil, evil, evil, evil eyes
Can you hear me?
Can you see there's a storm
On the edge of the sky?
Does it matter?
Well, it does to me
And  I can tell you why
You know when there's thunder
There should be rain
But it don't always follow the rule, no
And is the wise man always right?
No, he can play the fool
It's always a mystery
Not what it seems to be
It's always a mystery
Just like you and me
Always a mystery
We are lightning, we are flame
And we burn at the touch of a spark
When there's no fire, if no-one sees
There is only the dark
Just imagine, will you try?
I can see that you've opened your mind
Silver linings can disappear
But they always shine
It's always a mystery
Not what it seems to be
It's always a mystery
Just like you and me
Always a mystery
It's always a mystery
Not what it seems to be
Always a mystery
Just like you and me
It's always a mystery
Not what you want to see
Always a mystery
Just like you and me
Always a mystery
Always a mystery
Not what you want to see
Always a mystery
Always a mystery
Always a mystery
Not what you want to see
Just like you and me
Always a mystery
Always a mystery
Not what you want to see
Well, it's been a long hot road  I've been upon
Through the desert of your soul
I've looked high and low for water
But it's not there, no, no
And all the promises of springtime
Turned to lies so cold
But  I'm stronger than you know
And  I've come to let you go
Go eat your heart out
You've been a bad, bad girl
You've been hungry all of your life
So eat it out
I've been a prisoner just locked away
Inside your velvet jail
It don't matter at all
Some things can grow without the light, all right
Spinning cages for her pleasure
Weaving chains to hold the prize
Magic moments with the jailer
All on fire and then he dies
Eat your heart out
You've been a bad, bad girl
You've been hungry all of your life, yeah
We speed across emotion
And then we lose our hold
We turn on wheels of passion
That we can't control
And all the promises of springtime
Turned to lies so cold
But  I'm stronger than you know
And  I've come to let you go
Go eat your heart out
You've been a bad, bad girl
You've been hungry all of your life
So eat your heart out
Eat your heart out
You've been a bad, bad girl
You've been hungry all of your life
So eat it out
Eat your heart out
Run to the shadows and hide
Eat your heart out
Spinning cages for her pleasure
Weaving chains to hold the prize
Magic moments with the jailer
All on fire then he dies, then he dies, then he dies
It's the same old song You gotta be somewhere sometime And they never let you fly
It's like broken glass You get cut before you see it
So open up your eyes
You've got desire
So let it out
You've got the power
Stand up and shout
Shout, stand up and shout
You've got wings of steel
But they never really move you
You only seem to crawl
You've been nailed to the wheel
But never really turning
You know you got to want it out
You've got desire
So let it out
You've got the power
Stand up and shout
Shout, stand up and shout
Let it out
You are the strongest chain
And you're not just some reflection
So never hide again
You are the driver
You own the road
You are the fire
Go on, explode
You've got desire
So let it out
You've got the power
Stand up and shout
Stand up and shout
Let it out
Stand up and shout
Mhhh-hm-hmm
Yeah, yeah
Holy  Diver You've been down too long in the midnight sea Oh, what's becoming of me?
Ride the tiger You can see his stripes but you know he's clean
Oh, don't you see what  I mean?
Gotta get away Holy  Diver, yeah
Got shiny diamonds
Like the eyes of a cat in the black and blue
Something is coming for you, look out!
Race for the morning You can hide in the sun 'til you see the light Oh, we will pray it's all right
Gotta get away, get away
Between the velvet lies There's a truth that's hard as steel, yeah
The vision never dies Life's a never-ending wheel, say
Holy  Diver You're the star of the masquerade No need to look so afraid
Jump, jump; jump on the tiger You can feel his heart but you know he's mean Some light can never be seen, yeah!
Holy  Diver You've been down too long in the midnight sea Oh, what's becoming of me?
  No!  No!
Ride the tiger You can see his stripes but you know he's clean
Oh, don't you see what  I mean?
Gotta get away, get away
Gotta get away, get away, yeah
Holy  Diver, sole survivor You're the one who's clean
Holy  Diver,  Holy  Diver
There's a cat in the blue coming after you,  Holy  Diver
Oh,  Holy  Diver
Yeah, alright
Get away, get away, get away
Holy  Diver,  Holy  Diver
Oh,  Holy  Diver
Mhhh-hmmm-hmmm
Yeah, gypsy!
She was straight from  Hell But you never could tell
' Cause you were 
blinded by her light
She could crack your brain
With magic pain
And 
turn a paler shade of white
Well  I was on the free
Just me and me
And just about to sail
When  I heard the voice
Said you got a choice
The hammer or the nail
You'll be ridin'
You'll be ridin' on the gypsy
On the gypsy
Well  I rolled the bones
To see who'd own
My mind and what's within
And it's a given rule
That we're all fools
But need to have a little sin
So  I'm ridin'
Well  I'm ridin' on the gypsy
On the gypsy queen
Well, she was straight from  Hell
But you never could tell
' Cause you were blinded by the light
So she cracked my brain
With magic pain
And turned my left around to right, right
So  I'm ridin'
I'm still ridin'
Yes  I'm ridin' on the gypsy
On the gypsy queen
She's mean
Ridin' on the gypsy
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, on the queen
So, so mean
Looking inside of yourself
You might see someone you don't know
Maybe it's just what you need
Letting the river in you flow
You can sail away to the sun
And let it burn you while it can
Or walk a long bloody road
Like the hero who never ran
You'll feel it, you'll feel it
You'll feel the rush of it all, yeah
Flying away in the clouds
You know you're losing your control
And finding your way in the dark
Like some poor forgotten soul
You'll feel it, you'll see it
You'll feel the rush of the city lights
I feel it,  I see it in your eyes
You're caught in the middle
Just like the way you've always been
Caught in the middle, helpless again
Yeah, looking inside of yourself
You might see someone you don't know, no
Maybe it's just what you need
Letting the river  I know that's in you flow
You can feel it, you can see it
You know the rush of thunder, yeah
You'll feel it,  I see it in your eyes
You're caught in the middle
Just like the way you've always been
Caught in the middle, helpless again
Like the rush of the thunder that brings you under
There's some kind of spark
You're caught right there in the middle of
You're caught in the middle
Caught in the middle again, oh man, oh, hey, yeah
You've been caught in the middle
Hanging from the cobwebs in your mind
It looks like a long, long way to fall
No one ever told me life was kind
I guess  I never heard it,  I never heard it all
Living in a world of make believe
I can hide behind what's real
But wearing your emotions on your sleeve
And they all know what you feel
And here it comes again
Straight through the heart
Straight through the heart
Oh, never tell a secret with your eyes
It's the eyes that let you down
Tell a little truth with many lies
It's the only way  I've found
Oh, here it comes again
Straight through the heart
Straight through the heart
Shout to the wind
How can you hurt me this way
Oh, once it begins
It looks like it's coming to stay
Hanging from the cobwebs in your mind
It looks like a long, long way to fall
No one never told me life was kind
I guess  I never heard it, never heard it all, no
But here it comes again
Straight through the heart
Straight through the heart
Straight through the heart
Here it comes again
Straight through the heart
In the middle of the heart
Now don't stand still, they'll get you
Right through your heart
And here it comes, here it comes again
Straight through the heart
If your circle stays unbroken
Then you're a lucky man
Cause it never, never, never has for me
In the palace of the virgin
Lies the chalice of the soul
And it's likely you might find the answer there
She had thirteen years of teenage tears
Never a helping hand
She had fourteen more of rain before
She saw the sight of land
She was a photograph just ripped in half
A smile inside a frown
And then the light
The answer right inside her coming down, it said
I can go away
I can leave here
I can be invisible
I go away
He was just eighteen and in between
A lady and a man
His daddy's girl in momma's world
And that was when he ran
You know the word confused has been abused
But that's just what he was
And then the spark inside the dark
The answer came because it said
You can go away
You can leave here
You can be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be...
Invisible
Well,  I grew up quick and  I felt the kick
Of life upon a stage
So  I bought the book and then  I took a fast look
At just the very last page
It was a single word that  I'd just heard
From the two that came before
The only way to really stay
Is to walk right out the door
So  I go away
I'm gonna leave here
I can be invisible
Go away again
I can go away
When  I leave here
I can be invisible
I said
When  I go away
Lord, you know it's right to leave here
So  I just became invisible
I went away
Disappeared before your eyes
You never touch me, you never feel me
You never see me again because  I just become unseen
Well,  I'm a photograph that's been torn in half
We're all eighteen and we're in between
We need a helping hand to the holy land
To be invisible
To go away
When there's lightning You know it always brings me down' Cause it's free
 
and  I see that it's me Who's lost and never found
I cry out for magic
I feel it dancing in the light
It went cold, lost my hold To the shadows of the night
No sign of the morning coming
You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow in the dark A rainbow in the dark
Do your demons Do they ever let you go?
When you've tried, do they hide deep inside?
Is it someone that you know?
You're just a picture You're an image caught in time
We're a lie, you and  I
We're words without a rhyme
There's no sign of the morning coming You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow in the dark
Just a rainbow in the dark, yeah
When  I see lightning You know it always brings me down' Cause it's free and  I see that it's me Who's lost and never found
Feel the magic
I feel it floating in the air
But it's fear and you'll hear it calling you
Beware, look out!
There's no sight of the morning coming
There's no sign of the day
You've been left on your own
Like a rainbow, like a rainbow in the dark
Yeah, yeah, you're a rainbow in the dark
Just a rainbow in the dark
No sign of the morning
You're a rainbow in the dark
Woah
Shame on the night
For places  I've been and what  I've seen For giving me the strangest dreams But you never let me know just what they mean
And, oh, so, shame on the night, alright
And shame on you
You've stolen the day, snatched it away But  I saw the sky and  I never wanna die Now you know the reason why
I say, oh, shame on the night
You don't care what you've done
So  I think  I'd better run
Shame on the sun For the light you sold,  I've lost my hold On the magic flame
, but now  I know your name
Oh,  Lord, just go the way you came again
Oh, oh, shame on the night
You don't care what you've done
So  I know  I'd better run
Shame on the night
For places  I've been and what  I've seen
For giving me the strangest dreams
You never, never, never know just what they mean
And oh, shame on the night
You don't care what you've done
Here  I go,  I've got to run
Shame on the night
Shame, shame on you
Shame on my dreams
Shame on the sun and you
Shame on the night
Well,  I've lost my hold
On the magic flame
But now  I know your name
Shame on the night
Shame on you
Shame on all of you
Shame on the night
Deificurc eht era ew
